feat: drydock 1.0 (#47)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.rst

Drydock
=======

> Drydock is a tool that aims to provide a set of plugins that edunext considers useful to manage openedx installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drydock is an opinionated tool offering a set of Tutor plugins aiming to provide features that enhance the operation of OpenedX installations in Kubernetes. It is developed by `Edunext <https://www.edunext.co/>`_
```

- A set of Kubernetes Jobs that replace the current tutor jobs with `ArgoCD Sync Waves <https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/sync-waves/>`_ that allow for a more controlled deployment of openedx.
- A set of Kustomization overrides adding `ArgoCD Sync Waves <https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/sync-waves/>`_ annotations to needed additional resources such as debug, workers or hpa.
- Backup cronjobs that allow backup of the MySQL and MongoDB databases.
- Integration of New Relic monitoring

> - Add flowers deployment for Celery

Reviewer: Could you please change all the references to `flowers` to `flower`? It's not like we have multiple instances of the [Flower](https://flower.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) service

Reviewer: I think we would need to mention in the release notes that DRYDOCK_FLOWERS was moved to DRYDOCK_FLOWER

- Add a custom nginx and cert-manager configuration
- Add a set of debug resources to help diagnose issues

**⚠️ Warning**: drydock is currently in an alpha stage and may suffer substantial changes

> while it transitions in to a stable stage.

Reviewer 2: This change should put us out of the alpha stage right?
